geanycfp is a plugin to provide some features found in a Text Editor for Windows
in Geany. CFP is short for ConText feature parity.
It provides the following features:

	*  Up to 10 numbered bookmarks per file to make code navigaing easier
	*  User recordable macros so that users can record and then with a key press
	   repeat them
	*  Remembering fold states in code files (this isn't a feature in ConText, but
	   I find it useful)

Numbered Bookmarks:
Normaly if you had more than one bookmark, you would have to cycle through them
until you reached the one you wanted. With this plugin you can go straight to
the bookmark that you want with a single key combination.

To set a numbered bookmark press Ctrl+Shift+(a number from 0 to 9). You will
see a marker apear next to the line number. If you press Ctrl+Shift+(a number)
on a line that already has that bookmark number then it removes the bookmark,
otherwise it will move the bookmark there if it was set on a different line, or
create it if it had not already been set.

Only the bookmark with the highest number on a line will be shown, but you can
have more than one bookmark per line. This plugin does not interfer with regular
bookmarks. When a file is saved, Geany will remember the numbered bookmarks and
make sure that they are set the next time you open the file. If the file has
been changed since you last edited it in geany, when the file is opened it will
check to see if it should not try to set the bookmarks (as the line numbers may
have changed, or even not be there anymore), or ignore the warning and try and
set them where they were last time the file was saved by geany.

Macros:
These are sequences of actions that can then be repeated with a single key
combination. So if you had dozens of lines where you wanted to delete the last
2 characters, you could simple start recording, press End, Backspace,
Backspace, down line and then stop recording. Then simply trigger the macro and
it would automaticaly edit the line and move to the next.

Select Record Macro from the Tools menu and you will be prompted with a dialog
box. You need to specify a key combination that isn't being used, and a name
for the macro to help you identify it. Then press Record. What you do in the
editor is then recorded until you select Stop Recording Macro from the Tools
menu. Simply pressing the specified key combination will re-run the macro.

To edit the macros you already have select Edit Macro from the Tools menu. You
can select a macro and delete it, or re-record it. You can also click on a
macro's name and change it, or the key combination and re-define that asuming
that the new name or key combination are not already in use.


You can alter the default behaviur of this plugin by selecting Plugin Manager
under the Tools menu, selecting this plugin, and cliking Preferences.
You can change:
Remember fold state - if this is set then this plugin will remember the state
    of any folds along with the numbered bookmarks and set them when the file
    is next loaded.
Center view when goto bookmark - If this is set it will try to make sure that
    the numbered bookmark that you are going to is in the center of the screen,
    otherwise it will simply be on the screen somewhere.
Save Macros when close Geany - If this is selected then Geany will save any
    recorded macros and reload them for use the next time you open Geany, if
    not they will be lost when Geany is closed.
Ask before replaceing existing Macros - If this is selected then if you try
    recording a macro over an existing one it will check before over-writing
    it, giving you the option of trying a different name or key trigger
    combination, otherwise it will simply erase any existing macros with the
    same name, or the same key trigger combination.
